Today, so.
Dene Grigar: Yes, so it's not so stressful be finished in time for another session.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): that's right yeah.
Dene Grigar: So I would recommend we wait a few minutes and let people get back what time is it right now in Norway.
Kathryn Cramer: astro i'm not sure why my video isn't turning up there do it my coming on do you need to turn me on.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): We can see you.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): Your video is on.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): d needs 10 o'clock here now.
You.
Kathryn Cramer: can see.
Kathryn Cramer: Okay.
Kathryn Cramer: i'm gonna i'm gonna actually.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): yeah That was a bit of an ECHO as well.
Kathryn Cramer: Okay now you see me okay yeah.
Astrid Ensslin (she/her): Well, we see sort of the lower half of your head, so if you move your camera up a little bit.
Kathryn Cramer: I can't hear you that oh let's say.
Dene Grigar: hi Danny how are you hi Dan hi holly.
Thanks for coming oh.
Mariusz Pisarski: Yes.
Dene Grigar: Are you in CS uncle.